feat: init struct of application example's (#1)
Diegiwg/devopness: examples/applications/ruby-rails/README.md

Reviewer: @Diegiwg é realmente necessário duplicar os passos da documentação?

Repensando nessa abordagem, acho que aqui podemos aumentar o custo de manutenção desses artigos desnecessariamente

Acredito que poderíamos resolver usando abordagem abaixo

```
1. Using the configuration below, follow the guide [Add an Application](https://www.devopness.com/docs/applications/add-application)

<Tabela com URL, repo e outros campos>
```

Reviewer: Acho que é a oportunidade de melhorar/atualizar os artigos relacionados/necessários para esse passo-a-passo

Author: @thlmenezes poderia revisar se ficou melhor?

<details><summary>Versão utilizando a documentação e tabelas</summary>

# Ruby on Rails - Devopness Example

## Overview

Integrate a Ruby on Rails application with Devopness for streamlined management and deployment.

This guide covers adding an application, configuring environment variables, creating a daemon, setting up a virtual host, and deploying your application using the Devopness platform.

## 🚀 Adding an Application

Using the configuration below, follow the guide [Add an Application](https://www.devopness.com/docs/applications/add-application) to add your application to Devopness.

| Property       | Value                               |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Repository     | `devopness/devopness`               |
| Stack          | `Ruby`                              |
| Engine Version | `3.4.2`                             |
| Framework      | `Ruby on Rails`                     |
| Root Directory | `/examples/applications/ruby-rails` |

## ⚙️ Configuring Environment Variables

Using the table below, follow the guide [Add an Environment Variable](https://www.devopness.com/docs/variables/add-variable) to configure the environment variables for your application.

| Variable Key | Variable Value |
| ------------ | -------------- |
| RAILS_ENV    | `development`  |
| PORT         | `9000`         |

## 🛠️ Creating a Daemon

Using the configuration below, follow the guide [Add a Daemon](https://www.devopness.com/docs/daemons/add-daemon) to create a daemon for your application.

| Property    | Value                      |
| ----------- | -------------------------- |
| Name        | `rails-server`             |
| Command     | `bundle exec rails server` |
| Application | `Your Application`         |

## 🌐 Creating a Virtual Host

Using the configuration below, follow the guide [Add a Virtual Host](https://www.devopness.com/docs/virtual-hosts/add-virtual-host) to create a virtual host for your application.

| Property       | Value                                                 |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| Type           | `Server IP Address`                                   |
| Name           | **Server IP and Port** using the format `{IP}:{PORT}` |
| Application    | `Your Application`                                    |
| Listen Address | `http://localhost:{PORT}`                             |

## 🚢 Deploying the Application

Follow the guide [Deploy Application](https://www.devopness.com/docs/applications/deploy-application) to deploy your application.

## ✍️ Contributing

Contributions are highly encouraged! 🙏👊

See the [contributing guide](../../../CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to participate.

All communication and contributions to Devopness projects are subject to the [Devopness Code of Conduct](../../../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## 📜 License

All repository contents are licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](../../../LICENSE) unless otherwise specified.

</details>

Reviewer: @Diegiwg eu achei melhor, poderia atualizar E criar/atualizar os posts que faltam na docs?

Author: @thlmenezes consegue fazer o review da doc de variables? https://github.com/devopness/devopness/pull/1384

This guide covers adding an application, configuring environment variables, creating a daemon, setting up a virtual host, and deploying your application using the Devopness platform.

## 🚀 Adding an Application

- Documentation: [Add an Application](https://www.devopness.com/docs/applications/add-application)

Add a Ruby on Rails application to your infrastructure environment so it can be managed and deployed through the Devopness web interface or automated workflows.

1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment
1. Find the **Applications** card
1. Click **View** in the Applications card to see a list of existing applications
1. On the upper-right corner of the list, click **ADD APPLICATION**
1. Select a **Source Provider**
1. Select a **Credential**
   - If no credential is listed or you want to use a different one, click **Create a new Credential** and follow the [Add a Credential](https://www.devopness.com/docs/credentials/add-credential) guide
1. Choose the **Git Repository**: `devopness/devopness`
1. Choose the **Stack**: `Ruby`
1. Choose the **Engine Version**: `3.4.2`, then click **NEXT**
1. Choose the **Framework**: `Ruby on Rails`

> 1. Provide the **Root Directory**: `/examples/applications/ruby-rails`, then click **CONFIRM**

Reviewer: Use simple english

```suggestion
1. Set the **Root Directory** to `/examples/applications/ruby-rails`, then click **CONFIRM**
```

> 1. In the Application details view, the newly created application details will be displayed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Application details page, the newly created application details will be displayed
```

## ⚙️ Configuring Environment Variables

Rails applications require specific environment variables, such as `RAILS_ENV`, `PORT`, etc.

### Managing Environment Variables

> 1. On Devopness, navigate to the application's **Details** page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Application details page, click the **Variables** tab
```

1. Open the **Variables** tab

> 1. Click **Add Variable** in the upper-right corner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **ADD VARIABLE** in the upper-right corner
```

1. Set the variable name to `RAILS_ENV`
1. Set the value to `development`
   - Optionally, add a description (e.g., *Defines the application's runtime environment*)
1. Click **CONFIRM** to save

> 1. Repeat the process for the `PORT` variable with a value of `9000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Repeat the process for the `PORT` variable with a value of `9000`
    - If the `PORT` environment variable is not set, Rails defaults to `3000`
```

## 🛠️ Creating a Daemon for the Application

- Documentation: [Add a Daemon](https://www.devopness.com/docs/daemons/add-daemon)

Ensure the Rails application runs continuously as a background service by adding a daemon.

1. On Devopness, navigate to the application's **Details** page
1. Click **ADD DAEMON** in the application details

> 1. Provide a **Name** for the daemon, such as `rails-server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the daemon **Name** to `rails-server`
```

> 1. Specify the **Command** to start your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the **Command** to start your application:
```

   ```sh
   bundle exec rails server
   ```

1. Click **CONFIRM** to create the daemon

## 🌐 Creating a Virtual Host for the Application

- Documentation: [Add a Virtual Host](https://www.devopness.com/docs/virtual-hosts/add-virtual-host)

Make your application accessible via a domain or server IP address by adding a virtual host.

1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment
1. Find the **Virtual Hosts** card
1. Click **View** in the Virtual Hosts card to see a list of existing Virtual Hosts
1. On the upper-right corner of the list, click **ADD VIRTUAL HOST**

> 1. Select **Virtual Host Type**: `Server IP Address`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Virtual Host Type**: `Server IP Address`
```

> 1. Provide your **Server IP and Port** (e.g., `127.0.0.1:9200`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set your **Server IP and Port** using the format `{IP}:{PORT}`, e.g. `127.0.0.1:9200`
```

   - If no server is available, follow the [Add a Server](https://www.devopness.com/docs/servers/add-server) guide before proceeding.

> 1. Specify the **Application Listen Address** as `http://localhost:{PORT}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the **Application Listen Address** as `http://localhost:{PORT}`
```

>    - If the `PORT` environment variable is not set, Rails defaults to `3000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click **CONFIRM** to create the virtual host

## 🚢 Deploying the Application

- Documentation: [Deploy Application](https://www.devopness.com/docs/applications/deploy-application)

Deploy your application to apply the latest changes with minimal downtime.

> 1. On Devopness, navigate to the application's **Details** page
> 1. Click **DEPLOY** on the application you want to deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Application details page, click `DEPLOY`
```

1. Follow the prompts, then click **NEXT**
1. Review the deployment details, then click **CONFIRM**

> 1. A notification popup will confirm that the deployment has been triggered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
